Erich V. 

Dru W. 

Nathan M. 

 

Name your tasks - try for better names than task_1, task_2, etc. but do not spend more than ten minutes on this. 

ADC_read(), threshold_compare(), play_sound(), change_sound(), sleepytime(). 

 

Name the peripherals each task will use. (Don't say "three IO pins." Say "GPIO-PB8", or "SPI1, using PA 5,...") 

SPI2 using PB12 nss, PB13 sck, PB14 MISO, PB15 MOSI. DAC using PA4 
 

Name all the files that you know you'll use today You can add more later. 

Threshold.c, init_everything.c, ADC_read.c, main.c 

 

If two people are working on the same task, then y'all must write the "prototype" declarations today so that you two or three can share them without compiler errors. 

N/A All working on separate tasks 

 

Write a header comment for at each task function: WHAT IS IT FOR? (The "responsibility" it fulfills.) 

ADC_read() reads the sensor because I can’t read, puts into queue for other tasks. Returns because, “I 	gotta go fast” -Ricky Bobby 

threshold_compare() outputs a value dependent upon the ADC’s output. The more zappier the higher 	the output value. Then determines whether the voltage spike is rising or falling and if a sound 	should be played 

play_sound() - while device is moving, pull a queued sound file, send to DAC output to play on speaker. 

change_sound() - rotates through statemachine to pick sound file to use 

Sleepytime() - restructures the schedule, and puts into sleep mode, waits till the queue is empty to only 	play one sound per flight 
 

Name your queues -- and if you have any, name your semaphores and guarded buffers. 
Yeet_queue, killer, highest 

Add carrolls@trine.edu to Settings/Manage Access so that I can see your code. 

Get coding! Do not commit to Master (or Trunk) until you have ensured that your code builds and runs.  
 

Do aim to commit at least once before you've spent six hours of coding work. If you can't do that, ask for help. If you can't get help, CREATE A BRANCH "broken-dream-4" and CHECKOUT that branch; commit the broken code there, with a commit message on the error you cannot fix. YOU MUST STOP PROGRESSING TO KILL BUGS about every three or four hours! 

 
